Ralph's gig and II had everything he
ever wanted fast cars fast women redwood
Ralphie ganti I am so sore I can barely
walk I love your life a great job okay
kid bring us up speed a team couple
about to get that oh yeah but when he
met Elizabeth dice is our new Account
Director he realized his life was
missing something
everything you do is to attract members
of the opposite set what now if he wants
the girl of his dreams and not find the
bed with you he's going to have to give
it all up welcome to the sex addicts
recovery program I think you should
consider celibacy what what are you
talking about celibacy listen kid sex
sells
no chicks no checks
Lions Gate home entertainment presents
this place yeah Tavern on the grandmas
books a timeless look at sex love and
advertising mark Fierstein from what
women want Ali Larter from final
destination to ami Redford from Maidan
Manhattan and Dabney Coleman from you've
got mail giving it up sex is easy love
is hard well you don't have any friends
there women I do but I still sleep with
them
you